---
name: HW8
tools: [Python, HTML, vega-lite]
image: assets/pngs/HW8.png
description: This is a two interactions which is combining each other!
custom_js:
  - vega.min
  - vega-lite.min
  - vega-embed.min
  - justcharts
---


# HW8

The visualizations are based on this [raw data](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/UIUC-iSchool-DataViz/is445_data/main/bfro_reports_fall2022.csv).
A link to the [Python notebook](https://github.com/nivaGzx/nivaGzx.github.io/blob/main/python_notebooks/Workbook.ipynb).

## Paragraph 1

What I highlight here is the humidity and wind speed of whose classification is "Class A" in the data (Description). The "mark" property is set to "point".The "humidity" field to the x-axis and sets the data type as "quantitative." The "wind_speed" field to the y-axis and also sets the data type as "quantitative" (encodings). The "color" encoding uses the "alt.condition" function to set the color of the points. I use "red" and "steelblue" to remark the difference . When the "brush" is active, the points are colored "red," and when it's not active, they are colored "steelblue" (color & Interactivity). The data transformations that I did on the analysis side of things in my Python notebook is using altair and changing the ("width":700) (transformations). Comparing the code from HW7, I used the same varaibles for HW8, but I added the filter of 'Class A', "width", "color",  "add_selection" and used the original url not the dataset revised by python and transfered into javascript (Homework 7). The interactivity of this visualization 1 allows people to clearly see which points they have selected, and can be linked with visualization 2 (Interactivity).

## Paragraph 2

What I emphasize here is the number of states that are classified as class A in the classification in the data that chosen from visulization 1 (Description). The "mark" property is set to "line". The "x" encoding maps the "humidity" field to the x-axis and sets the data type as "quantitative". The "y" encoding maps the "wind_speed" field to the y-axis and also sets the data type as "quantitative" (encodings). I just use the default color for the line, because here I didn't intend to highlight some aspects by using color (color). The data transformations that I did on the analysis side of things in my Python notebook is using altair and changing the ("width":700) (transformations). I retained the same variables and filter of HW7 in HW8, but I add the "transform_filter" (Homework 7). The interactivity of this visualization 2 is that the dispaly of visualization 2 will change based on the data chosen by the visulization 1 (Interactivity).

<vegachart schema-url="{{ site.baseurl }}/assets/json/newchart.json" style="width: 100%"></vegachart>




